Gwenevere Abriel: Jessica Garcia.
Jessica Garcia: Happy Monday, I don't know what happened earlier.
Jessica Garcia: But I just log back in. I was like,
Gwenevere Abriel: So whenever that happens, it's probably me. What I do is I have to shut down one zoom and open up another one every single time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes I ought to bring you guys in and then I say, Okay, let's all long out sometimes I just shut the whole thing down. So, that was me. I apologize.
Jessica Garcia: Okay, I'm sorry, I just, I don't know.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did the right thing. He came right back. That's all. Okay.
Jessica Garcia: That's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to open up a note. Do you have anything, sort of, she wanted to kind of focus on today.
Jessica Garcia: Um,
Jessica Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you can
Jessica Garcia: See if you see me itchiness, because like my eggs are must coming back.
Jessica Garcia: Oh, but this time it's like on my legs.
Jessica Garcia: Oh yeah I suffered from a demo. When I was a little girl.
Jessica Garcia: And then now, it came back for
Jessica Garcia: A different way.
Jessica Garcia: Like worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's worse right now.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Uh huh.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah. Well, I think it's worse. But I guess I just don't really remember when I was young when I was younger, I would get a look on my arms right here.
Jessica Garcia: And then
Jessica Garcia: And then now it's like on my legs.
Jessica Garcia: Have been getting along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that just because you're keeping your distance and not expecting anything from him.
Jessica Garcia: I think so.
Jessica Garcia: I think so. And he's like,
Jessica Garcia: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Jessica Garcia: He's like more lighthearted
Jessica Garcia: Yeah. And so we're just our relationship. It's like
Jessica Garcia: It's not
Jessica Garcia: Like
Jessica Garcia: A couple. You know, it's like we're friends raising a baby together and I like to keep it like that. Yeah, I like to keep it like that, whenever we can, because there's times when we fight, but, um, because whenever we get romantically involved with each other just get so complicated.
Jessica Garcia: I expect too much from him and
Gwenevere Abriel: That's something
Gwenevere Abriel: That happens for everybody, though, you're not alone.
Jessica Garcia: Okay, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: HOW YOU DOING, AROUND working about how you doing with your son being
Gwenevere Abriel: You know over people's homes like kind of you were starting to delve into some pretty tender areas in previous sessions. How you doing around that.
Jessica Garcia: So,
Jessica Garcia: The days that I do work.
Jessica Garcia: His dad doesn't work.
Jessica Garcia: And so he's here with his that, but then I work another job as well. I work with my grandparents taking care of or doing housework for them and stuff to do a company and I get to take them with me.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, he goes with me and they just, it makes their day like they like it, but my grandma.
Jessica Garcia: And grandpa really old. So they've regressed a lot and so
Jessica Garcia: So my grandma will get to fighting with him. Like if she's a little kid like she's a little baby, too.
Jessica Garcia: And it's just
Jessica Garcia: It's hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that's nuts. That's my ice cream.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah. Oh, Dr. Or I when I'm when we're good on Saturday I went and bought a
Jessica Garcia: art supplies and then some like little wooden I'm picture frame so that we could all sit down and paint together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Jessica Garcia: Maybe I my grandparents and me and my son, but my son was
Jessica Garcia: He was dipping the paintbrush into all different colors. And my grandma was getting so upset that he was doing that because he was ruining the colors. And so she was telling them to stop and he pulling in her hand.
Jessica Garcia: She painted. So she painted his hand back
Gwenevere Abriel: Funny. Yeah, he's putting he's creating the color brown is what he's joking.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gonna find out soon. Everything's gonna be around. Yeah. Oh, boy. So how did that that interaction, how did it end
Jessica Garcia: I'm the baby ended up
Jessica Garcia: getting really upset and throwing all the pain and I just I just picked everything up and cleaned everything up because my grandma, my grandpa started getting really frustrated, too. So it wasn't what I expected, but
Jessica Garcia: It was okay for a while there.
Jessica Garcia: I just wanted us to create something together.
Jessica Garcia: I wanted to have something
Jessica Garcia: That
Jessica Garcia: Night good like just that experience that moment. You know, I wanted to create that. And I was so excited about it.
Jessica Garcia: But
Gwenevere Abriel: So Jessica. It's not over.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not over. You can still have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that must have been confusing. You know, how do you, how do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Address a behavior from someone that's older than you, and and now all the sudden they're regressing to be in like a six year old or younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you maintain yourself, you know, and you're the only adult in the room, basically.
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Um,
Jessica Garcia: I just kind of try to like
Jessica Garcia: Try to
Jessica Garcia: Like coerce them like kind of calm my gramma down and then come my son down at the same time, and like you know like I don't know how to explain it.
Jessica Garcia: I try to convince them that it's okay.
Jessica Garcia: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So if, if we treat grandma. The same way we do, you know, a two or three year old, then we already know that a little boy doesn't know that when you next
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yellow and and and bread or orange and purple and things like that that eventually it's going to turn brown. He literally doesn't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: He knows enough to dip the depression, like, Oh, now I want this like he doesn't know that this one has to be clean, in order to go into this other color so
Gwenevere Abriel: What if all it was was not really getting the limitations of development in that setting. Maybe it just means that we'll do the tree trunk. First, it's all going to be brown
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe grandma's part you know she'll have separate colors off to her side, and each one gets their own colors so we can get in and he gets to learn
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's all going to look around. Why is my no brown. Oh, cuz look, look what happens. And then we mixed it up. Look, we can even make brown what colors would make bread.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then she grandma can share her wisdom around that and she can keep her colors kind of separate too so she can have her yellow and orange. And it's not a bunch of brown, but he's he's going to have all the brown necessary for the tree trunks right to the road.
Gwenevere Abriel: To the birds, he'll have the right color for that he will have learned for those colors get mushy.
Gwenevere Abriel: blended together.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: And then she tried to explain it to them him like she was trying to explain it to him. But by that time he was already peeled and over it and he screamed.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so, I mean, in other words, when you're going in. Let's say you wanted to still have this memory because I can tell us as a sentimental one
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want to have this co created
Gwenevere Abriel: art piece that will last forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you think your grandma like a six year old.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or seven maybe or something. Maybe a little older.
Gwenevere Abriel: Than you can be ready for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can place them certain places.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, push a little further apart. Each one has their own supplies. You can talk about what the rules are. You can be in the middle to be
Gwenevere Abriel: That sort of, okay, well we're moving on as picky. Let's use yellow everybody's using yellow. Let's everything that's yellow okay we got that brush or ever done with that brush.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one we're going to rinse it out. I'll be in charge of cleaning that one. Now just sort of was I would hate for you to miss out on a moment with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But really it's it's really seeing that your grammar is sounds like she is regressing and so you have to six. Well, you have to, but you have young children in front of you. And that's just the way it is. And so are you going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Say like you need to pretend like it's not real. I wish it was something else, or you really need it where it's out, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: This a good thing actually to be around kids. So they're more spontaneous and it could could have turned into a finger painting if if there was an openness to it. Oh, I see how it is. And so they'll already find that and everybody's elbows up let's make
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's turn this one into handprint
Jessica Garcia: You know, that's a really good idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: But been waiting to be hot but when our expectation doesn't match reality, we can get lost in that frustration.
Gwenevere Abriel: But instead, to say, okay, let's, let's just see what what is reasonable here. What, what am I dealing with
Gwenevere Abriel: So your grandma is likely to have something like that happen again kind of being prepared for it and
Gwenevere Abriel: Can roll with it a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really two kids.
Jessica Garcia: Three because my grandpa was over there.
Jessica Garcia: Making inappropriate jokes and
Gwenevere Abriel: Wasn't really funny. He is
Jessica Garcia: Good, yeah, it's a good time. It's a good time when we're all together. And we've been having a lot of good moments, but
Jessica Garcia: Just as much as there's good days, Bob, because we all get frustrated the baby gets frustrated. My grandparents get frustrated and then I get like upset.
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: And it's hard being like their main
Jessica Garcia: Their main caregiver, you know,
Jessica Garcia: Like I have that responsibility, but I wouldn't have it any other way.
Jessica Garcia: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of neat that you're having this time with them right now.
Jessica Garcia: Especially because they took care of me know
Jessica Garcia: They took care of me and now I got to take care of them.
Jessica Garcia: Even when I was on the streets on drugs that they literally drive around the neighborhood looking for me just to give me to pace to make sure I didn't need anything.
Jessica Garcia: Don't ever forget that.
Jessica Garcia: She didn't care if I wanted her to show up or not she would show up and shoot and make sure that all is good.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's powerful. So she really gets this idea of dropping expectation and just doing what is right for that relationship right
Gwenevere Abriel: Most people would say, well, she's a drug addict and that's her problem and let her work it out. She's worried about your teeth and making sure you know you're getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Your basic needs.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you could do that for her. And so you kind of hear how those stories are similar, how you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Meet her where she's at she's got a limitation. She's got maybe some regression going on. She's getting older. And that's, you know, our brains, we do are memories terrible and we shrinks after 30 that's exciting. Well, then, that
Jessica Garcia: That
Jessica Garcia: My friends, my brains already
Jessica Garcia: Fried like half prayer.
Jessica Garcia: Goodness. Drink some more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good news, done. Oh.
Jessica Garcia: No, it's so funny.
Jessica Garcia: But, um, but, yeah, so I'm really
Jessica Garcia: I'm I just don't like the thing that worries me is that my son gets upset. Like, I don't know if it's normal for a baby.
Jessica Garcia: To get that mad to where he's like oh man has stopped breathing. His face turns red. And he screams really loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is where we left off last time. I'm glad you're bringing it up in the first part of the session because now we have more time to talk about it. So son gets stops breathing. What else use arms like this. And what else
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, like he shakes like he like
Jessica Garcia: Cakes.
Gwenevere Abriel: For how many minutes or seconds.
Jessica Garcia: Probably like 30 seconds and then he screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so he screams like or
Gwenevere Abriel: A love like what
Jessica Garcia: Like a long loud.
Jessica Garcia: Like
Jessica Garcia: In the back of his throat scream. Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are held on
Jessica Garcia: For like a good 15 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what happens next.
Jessica Garcia: I just kind of like let him.
Jessica Garcia: Let him be angry.
Jessica Garcia: For a minute and then whenever I see that he gets that upset. After he does that, then I kind of pick them up and hold them try to collect. Calm down. I come, it's okay. Like, you know, you can come down.
Jessica Garcia: And there's times when hill.
Jessica Garcia: Like feel me like try like, you know, and then there's other times of he's like kidding me, it's
Jessica Garcia: Like, don't touch me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of like, Don't touch me, or he says, Don't touch me.
Jessica Garcia: Know if he doesn't say he's just
Jessica Garcia: SCREAMS And then like if I try to pick them out. But if you want something so when we go to my grandma's he has a thing where he throws a fit because he wants to stay outside and um
Jessica Garcia: And so I have to bring them inside because we have to say hi to everybody and everything and then
Jessica Garcia: His main thing like his main concern or whatever, is that she wants to go outside. So if he does that. Then he screams and I tried to pick him up. He's like, trying to get away from me because he wants to go outside.
Jessica Garcia: Right. He's like, I want to go outside. I want to go feed the ducks because they have ducks that live in their swimming pool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you go ahead and bring them inside.
Jessica Garcia: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's funny, has a tantrum.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This where this all that concern came from that maybe there was some inappropriate behavior at that house.
Jessica Garcia: No.
Okay.
Jessica Garcia: No, I just, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had some suspicions about it. I'm just curious if it was at that house with those people, or if it was somewhere else.
Jessica Garcia: No, it's just I think it was just in general.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it based on any facts that you may be we're not paying attention to before, and they're sort of becoming conscious for you, or was it more like
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing back your own experience and sort of wonder if this happened to my son. It was, I like that, too. And no one saw the signs that kind of thing.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, it was more like an idea like, or like
Jessica Garcia: I guess my fears just
Jessica Garcia: Getting the best of my mind, you know, or or trying to figure out why or even if it's even normal for him to be that angry are like, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So where are you getting your, your information from who you talked to me besides me well. So you're talking to about this behavior.
Jessica Garcia: Um, my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's her
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom. She say
Jessica Garcia: She says that it that it's normal that kids get angry like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you say when she shares that this is within normal limits and range.
Jessica Garcia: Nothing.
Jessica Garcia: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Except her answer.
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: I do, I do, because she's had more experience with it than me.
Jessica Garcia: So I do like it's okay you know
Gwenevere Abriel: But isn't a difference what each of you did in the presence of that anger. What would your mom have done if you were angry like that.
Jessica Garcia: No idea. Haha, I will she probably would have like
Jessica Garcia: I don't know. I don't remember when I was middle, but I remember when I was like a teenager.
Jessica Garcia: She would just kind of ignore me or tell me to like
Jessica Garcia: Go to my room.
Jessica Garcia: Or a lot of the time she wouldn't even be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's not even a memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of age two or three like there's no memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not the right thing most people can't think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Prior to, like, for most people, five, they can think back as bad as far back as five
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't
Jessica Garcia: Have like memories that stick out
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, like one or two or
Jessica Garcia: But that's it.
Jessica Garcia: Oh, and guess what
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you in
Are
Gwenevere Abriel: You in your new apartment.
Jessica Garcia: No.
Jessica Garcia: No, but it's gonna be, it's gonna be a
Gwenevere Abriel: By this week. Oh, man.
Jessica Garcia: By the end of this week. Yeah. Yeah. And then also, too. I got headphones with two
Jessica Garcia: With two not well I don't have it in yet, but it's right there.
Jessica Garcia: Oh, so maybe we can start working on the
Gwenevere Abriel: Dr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eaten and
Gwenevere Abriel: He are
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's interesting you mentioned oh you know i i have some memories here and there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't remember how my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Addressed my anger. When I was little.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then interestingly, you brought up the topic of the FDR, which of course ends to address those early memories, right, those we tend to I try to anyway, try to bridge one that's as early as I can. As far back as I can. The one that sort of set in motion a pattern.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of adaptation
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess, would you say if you had to guess how your anger was respond to as a little 123456. Do you think it was positive like picking you up, letting you know everything's gonna be okay. Or do you think it was something not that
Jessica Garcia: No, I hear stories.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the stories.
Jessica Garcia: I hear stories like
Jessica Garcia: They say that my grandma and my mom so that I used to cry.
Jessica Garcia: Really that I used to like throw those kind of fits whenever
Jessica Garcia: My mom would pick me up from my grandma's house after she got out of work.
Jessica Garcia: And that she would have to drive back and have my grandma get in the car and lived on diner and I fell, it fell asleep and then go drop her back. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So let me get this straight. Your mom by herself didn't address you, she had grandma. Get in the car.
Jessica Garcia: She said that she couldn't call me down.
Jessica Garcia: So that she do she drew drive back to my grandmas and call my grandma and Claire come get this little girl and stuff, pray for you on that. My gut model and get in the car and they drive around so I fell asleep.
Jessica Garcia: And then she dropped her back on.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do you have in common, without are not in common with that some to stay in that area a little bit longer.
Jessica Garcia: Don't know. I feel
Jessica Garcia: I feel like I'm in sync with my son is
Jessica Garcia: Like
Jessica Garcia: Emotions like
Jessica Garcia: Like he doesn't even need to
Jessica Garcia: Say anything, let alone.
Jessica Garcia: And so I feel like that's why I picked them up and
Jessica Garcia: And try to calm them down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes he had to, and sometimes he does feel how you're feeling any calms down
Gwenevere Abriel: This after he picks you up. How long does it take before he regulates the same sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Pace that you're out when you're holding him. How long does that take
Jessica Garcia: It's almost instantly.
Jessica Garcia: Whenever he does like calm down.
Jessica Garcia: It's just like instantly like he'll just stop crying.
Jessica Garcia: That or whenever he's like
Jessica Garcia: wanting something
Jessica Garcia: It'll take them a little bit longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like for example, the outside thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Tell me one where he was hitting you, how long that lasted
Jessica Garcia: Like a good two, three minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you do any sitting there.
Jessica Garcia: I just tell them to stop at home. That's not okay.
Jessica Garcia: It's not okay, you don't hit mommy.
Jessica Garcia: Come on, I can lay him on my shoulder and pat him on his back and like rockin
Gwenevere Abriel: I just he stopped hitting you.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, he just tells me that he wants to go outside.
Jessica Garcia: And I figure I figure that it's because he's
Jessica Garcia: He was so used to like being out and about everywhere and everything. And now we just keep them in the house, like a mess. I take him for a walk or something but
Jessica Garcia: So he's stays locked in the house, and he's not
Jessica Garcia: Like growing up. He wasn't used to that or like these. This past year, two years, he
Jessica Garcia: Is not used to that. And so I feel like
Jessica Garcia: Like he just wants to be outside
Jessica Garcia: Because he's locked in the house so much
Jessica Garcia: And so, like, so there's times like when he comes down or whatever, like, then I take him outside
Jessica Garcia: And I'll just follow him around, and he'll play and
Jessica Garcia: Play with him and stuff.
Jessica Garcia: But then getting him inside
Jessica Garcia: With another
Jessica Garcia: Another fit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, there's a lot of directions to go. There's the question of whether his range of anger matches his developmental age. There's what it brings up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's how your mom handled you
Gwenevere Abriel: There's also just tricks to get the kids to go inside, right, you can start anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: But remember the last session was not about tricks, and hacks. It was what if this is a missed sign that's where your mind was last time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just sort of sitting with that a little bit more and seeing is that, is that still here today. So there's still a concern that you're missing a sign.
Jessica Garcia: It's always gonna be in the back of my mind.
Jessica Garcia: Always that's always going to be something that I watch for or
Jessica Garcia: That I'm scared of
Jessica Garcia: I think your behavior was just new for me.
Jessica Garcia: So,
Jessica Garcia: That's, like, the first thing that came to my mind.
That makes sense.
Jessica Garcia: But i mean i watch him.
Jessica Garcia: I watched him. I don't let him out of my sight.
Jessica Garcia: I know his dad watches his that doesn't even go anywhere.
Jessica Garcia: They just stay home and when I get home from work. I can tell that he had a good day.
Jessica Garcia: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: He's happy and
Jessica Garcia: I'm in a good mood and calm. Just feel his energy so
Jessica Garcia: So I'm not worried about what's his dad anymore.
Jessica Garcia: Just that he's getting closer to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: A LITTLE JEALOUS
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, he woke up looking for is that the other day, and that was new for me too, but it's okay.
Jessica Garcia: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right have both who
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't love you less just means he gets to have both of those figures in his sense of self, and that is that is really good news.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's got yeah it is a little, just a little part of it is like man I like I like being a favorite one.
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah. Yeah, it is. But, but at the same time. I'm happy, I'm happy for my son.
Jessica Garcia: Was that isn't all that bad.
Jessica Garcia: To him, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll turn it turn to the goals that you've set just take a peek make them make a little note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just how you're doing on them.
Jessica Garcia: My goal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just want to see how you don't
Gwenevere Abriel: If you've been taking time for yourself.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: The same
Jessica Garcia: Thing. The same thing I do here, and it's gotten to a point where he he already knows and he tried to keep the baby like down there.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Ramon knows my routine of sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a wind down at the end of the day, kind of facial mask and moisturizing like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're feeling, feeling good, like you're glad you have this sort of ritual and place
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Do
Jessica Garcia: It feels nice. It feels good to be able to go out and
Jessica Garcia: Buy decorations from my house, you know, and just the little things.
Jessica Garcia: Or I'm able to like call them and ask if they if they want me to bring something for dinner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now. Are you talking about what it's like to have some some money.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, sorry. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh don't be sorry. No, I get it. They can be inter woven together. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can see that. Okay, so you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can pick up some things to decorate can pick up. Hey, you want a dinner, you can kind of be generous like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can feel good.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I feel a lot better about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So self esteem going up.
Jessica Garcia: Cool. And so last night.
Jessica Garcia: Oh this. Okay, this has to do with that last night. Um, I was asking him to do something. I don't remember what it was.
Jessica Garcia: Hey, can you can you oh can you get this and this can down because I was at the very top. Please. Please. I can't reach it.
Jessica Garcia: And he laid there for a second and then he caught up.
Jessica Garcia: Now title. I'm don't rush
Jessica Garcia: Don't rush. It's okay. Take your time and
Jessica Garcia: And and then
Jessica Garcia: I don't know, he said something about, oh, I tell him, gosh, you could never do anything for me. Right. And then he's like, You can do anything. Or you could never do anything or something like that. And when before that common
Jessica Garcia: Whatever like made me so upset. This time, I was like, Yeah, sure. Okay, I don't do anything, like, you know, even though before I was doing everything I was still
Jessica Garcia: Working hard and you know
Jessica Garcia: But now it's like
Jessica Garcia: I guess that's just the way I was always taught was like, you have to be hard working and and be able to like
Jessica Garcia: Take care of yourself, otherwise.
Jessica Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No finish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish that otherwise not working hard, as in earning money working, then what
Jessica Garcia: Then
Jessica Garcia: Then you're not doing the right thing, then you're
Jessica Garcia: Not worth anything.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, worth as much
Gwenevere Abriel: As
Jessica Garcia: The value. Yeah, opinion, your pocket or something like that that single
Jessica Garcia: Flow.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, so, uh,
Jessica Garcia: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So on one hand, you notice you're not as defensive because you aren't earning money. So that's the upside, but it's also, it's still perpetuating
Gwenevere Abriel: That people's value is only come about when they are earning two that could be problematic if you're not earning or someone else is not earning right, it could be problematic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Jessica Garcia: That's weird though because like
Jessica Garcia: Say if God forbid something were to happen, and he gets laid off of his job or something like, I wouldn't
Jessica Garcia: I wouldn't be like that.
Jessica Garcia: Or at least like to think I wouldn't like I wouldn't
Jessica Garcia: You know,
Jessica Garcia: judge him for ladder, I'd be more than happy to, like, take the role you know
Jessica Garcia: So,
Jessica Garcia: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Jessica Garcia: I guess because it's because I'm more critical of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Focus today. The remainder of today, sort of in sort of targeting where we'll focus next time.
Sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remembering to see this sick feeling in your stomach. When your mom even talks about her boyfriend. How is it up there at that 99 still
Gwenevere Abriel: Up distress. Yeah, it's still upsetting. As soon as it's like a yuck. Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we can refine this from a little bit more
Gwenevere Abriel: See if I can identify the negative belief that goes with that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: See picture. You don't hear her talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: To him, and what is
Gwenevere Abriel: The is it, is it a recent image or is an old, old image that comes up, how old is that memory. When you think of a real salient
Gwenevere Abriel: When it brings you to that 99 distress level.
Jessica Garcia: I think it was
Jessica Garcia: I think it's like him getting in my face.
Jessica Garcia: And slapping me and then hearing him lie straight out lie to my mom.
Jessica Garcia: Said to me.
Jessica Garcia: Like being such a coward, saying that he didn't hit me when he did
Gwenevere Abriel: You made this
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: Discuss need
Jessica Garcia: To think about him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: 717 16. How old were you at this originally happened.
Jessica Garcia: I was 2323 or 24
Jessica Garcia: We home.
Jessica Garcia: Now, my father murdered him.
Jessica Garcia: I was like 23 years I had just had a baby. So I just turned 23
Gwenevere Abriel: Open up my ears a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can get it the negative belief about yourself right then.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just be present with that a little bit. His yak disgust me
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the belief about you around that memory, what what what Mr to that inner dialogue that inner voice of I am what
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time with this one. These are really hard to get to. Okay.
Jessica Garcia: Well,
Jessica Garcia: I wasn't working.
Jessica Garcia: Man.
Jessica Garcia: I had just I was sleeping on my mom's couch with the baby or newborn baby.
Jessica Garcia: And
Jessica Garcia: So I guess that was like a lot of how I
Jessica Garcia: Felt about myself like that.
Jessica Garcia: I wasn't doing anything.
Jessica Garcia: So the image of myself was not it was
Jessica Garcia: Negative
Gwenevere Abriel: I am what
Jessica Garcia: You
Gwenevere Abriel: weren't working
Gwenevere Abriel: Take care of a baby as foreign I was brand new.
Gwenevere Abriel: That feeling right that vulnerability of having to care for another event asleep on the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the belief about the self may have been I'm useless.
Jessica Garcia: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can get to the, the thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: The positive thought the one that would have been nice if you had had this thought at the time, you didn't, but that's okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: What's up,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Positive fully ahead.
Jessica Garcia: I'm sorry, I just a memory just popped up in my head.
Jessica Garcia: I hadn't I hadn't thought about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, honey. Let's just breathe together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Create will breathe together.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was the past
Gwenevere Abriel: heal your body feel what's in your right hand sort of get in touch with the tactile experience and maybe fabric just described it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice
Jessica Garcia: He's getting lower in the sky.
You've got some others can
Gwenevere Abriel: Tune into a little story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to how your how you feel on
Gwenevere Abriel: To stay grounded.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay in your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you feel those tears on your chin. Can you feel the coolness right feels a little different temperature out. There's some moisture, they're your friends.
Jessica Garcia: Here your
Gwenevere Abriel: Little one you can hear that sweet voice right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Delicious. And look at that saturated that's happening right now. That's real.
Gwenevere Abriel: In touch with your breath Breathing into the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hearing sounds. He's making and hearing his voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is now this is happening. The sounds from your son are happening now sensation in your right hand touching something moves lumpy. Pay attention to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, see, so that
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so hold him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if there is an instinct and he's he's near and your comforting each other. Maybe he's there to come for you maybe have some unconscious little link.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he want to go outside, he just say outside
Jessica Garcia: No, he said, open
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: He has a dirty diaper. I think that's
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Smell like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, he's got a stinky. But is he saying stinky.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been allowed. Yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, he's got a stinky.
Jessica Garcia: stinky.
Jessica Garcia: Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry for
Gwenevere Abriel: You. What do you want me to do with it. Do you want me to
Gwenevere Abriel: Find out what it is. Do you want to bring it up next time. Should I just say hey, something came up a little fragment came up
Gwenevere Abriel: Or just stay centered grounded in your body and go enjoy your son.
Jessica Garcia: About what just came up
Jessica Garcia: I think I need to let it out.
Jessica Garcia: I think I need to. I need to think about it because
Jessica Garcia: Because a lot of different things were
Jessica Garcia: A lot of different thoughts and I couldn't pinpoint it we're going through my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what should I
Go.
Jessica Garcia: Where should you call the memory that came up
Jessica Garcia: Um,
There's
Jessica Garcia: The time my mom tried my mom was trying to put me or convince me to go to a
Jessica Garcia: Like a homeless shelter, not a homeless shelter, like a shelter for women.
Jessica Garcia: With my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you don't have to hold on to thinking about that I've written a note about it. It's I put it up there in at 90 in our
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of scale, so that I can remember to bring it back up so you don't have to have it in your working memory, unless you want to process it, that's up to you. But I'll be able to bring it back up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And so that might give us a bit of a target.
Gwenevere Abriel: To work on next time. So hopefully we'll be able to have you seated with our two objects will be able to maybe do some desensitization around that memory or another one, whichever target you and I kind of both societies one
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling right now.
I'm okay.
Jessica Garcia: I'm okay. I'm kind of brainstorming of what I can do. Next week to hopefully
Jessica Garcia: Give like all my attention.
Jessica Garcia: To the session so
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, without like interruption. So I think I'm maybe going to
Jessica Garcia: like whoa early to my grandmother. I'm just have her watching for that hour
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a neat idea and then you could be in a room with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, nice. I like your thinking that's some smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I need as we are at the end of the session. Do I need to message, your doctor for any reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I get to see you tomorrow.
Jessica Garcia: Yes, tomorrow. I've been looking forward to it all week. I, I got some new pens.
Jessica Garcia: And I'm in like new notebooks and stuff.
Jessica Garcia: All right, and decided to use them.
Jessica Garcia: Although
Gwenevere Abriel: There should be if everything goes as planned.
Gwenevere Abriel: There will be
Jessica Garcia: There will be a what
Jessica Garcia: Okay.
Jessica Garcia: Okay. Sounds good.
Jessica Garcia: Okay, thank you so much for everything.